Update connection-strings.md (#91)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-monitor-docs: articles/azure-monitor/app/connection-strings.md

Connection strings specify to which Application Insights resource your instrumented application should send telemetry data. A connection string is composed of multiple settings, each represented as a key-value pair and separated by semicolons. This consolidated configuration method simplifies the setup process by eliminating the need for multiple proxy settings.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The connection string contains an ikey and an ApplicationId.
> 
>The ikey is a unique identifier used by the ingestion service to associate telemetry to a specific Application Insights resource. ***Ikey unique identifiers aren't security tokens or security keys, and aren't considered secrets.***

> >Connection Strings are enhanced by adding the ApplicationId value. This update is a new feature that supports auto-instrumentation for scenarios utilizing the Open Telemetry SDK.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Connection strings are enhanced by adding the ApplicationId value. This update is a new feature that supports automatic instrumentation for scenarios that utilize the Open Telemetry SDK.
```
Fixing capitalization and removing line space and making minor edits to align with Microsoft style.
